TTL-232R-XX-AJ adaptor/README.md, before:

# TTL-232R-XX-AJ adaptor

I seems that whenever I need a FTDI cable (USB to serial cable with a 6 pin female header) there are none to be found. We have a bag full of the TTL-232R-XX-AJ (FTDI cable with 3.5mm TRS connector) cables at the office though, left over from an old project. So what I need is an adaptor that will allow me to use the TTL-232R-XX-AJ in situations where I would normally use the FTDI cable with 6 pin female header. Of course the 6 pin cable has twice as many pins as the TTL-232R-XX-AJ cable (VCC, RTS & DTR are missing from the TTL-232R-XX-AJ) but that won't be a problem most of the time.

This PCB is such an adaptor. It connects the transmit (TX), receive (TX) and ground (GND) pins from the 3.5mm TRS connector to the corresponding pins on the 6 pin 0.1 inch female header (remaining pins on larger header left unconnected) and to a 3 pin screw terminal. There is a toggle switch in the middle that can swap over the RX and TX lines so that (if necessary) the user doesn't have to do this manually.

![Board photo](./board-photo.jpg)

## Design files

This board was designed using the [Upverter](https://upverter.com) web service.

The schematic, board layout and bill of materials can be viewed [here](https://upverter.com/Trebuchetindustries/ac9f5044f0ac6c8b/TTL-232R-XX-AJ-adaptor/). Exports from Upverter are available in a subdirectory.

## Licence

Copyright © 2016, 2017 Phil Baldwin

This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International License.

You should have received a copy of the license along with this work. If not, see <http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/>.

Commit message:

Fill in "Connectors" section of "TTL-232R-XX-AJ adaptor" project

TTL-232R-XX-AJ adaptor/README.md, after:

# TTL-232R-XX-AJ adaptor

I seems that whenever I need a FTDI cable (USB to serial cable with a 6 pin female header) there are none to be found. We have a bag full of the TTL-232R-XX-AJ (FTDI cable with 3.5mm TRS connector) cables at the office though, left over from an old project. So what I need is an adaptor that will allow me to use the TTL-232R-XX-AJ in situations where I would normally use the FTDI cable with 6 pin female header. Of course the 6 pin cable has twice as many pins as the TTL-232R-XX-AJ cable (VCC, RTS & DTR are missing from the TTL-232R-XX-AJ) but that won't be a problem most of the time.

This PCB is such an adaptor. It connects the transmit (TX), receive (TX) and ground (GND) pins from the 3.5mm TRS connector to the corresponding pins on the 6 pin 0.1 inch female header (remaining pins on larger header left unconnected) and to a 3 pin screw terminal. There is a toggle switch in the middle that can swap over the RX and TX lines so that (if necessary) the user doesn't have to do this manually.

![Board photo](./board-photo.jpg)

## Connectors

The 3.5 mm audio connector is for interfacing with the FTDI TTL-232R-XX-AJ cable, the other two are for whatever TTL level serial device you want to connect to. You can mount both of these connectors but be aware that the pins on the 0.1" header can get in the way of the screw terminals so it's often a good idea to just mount one or the other.

## Design files

This board was designed using the [Upverter](https://upverter.com) web service.

The schematic, board layout and bill of materials can be viewed [here](https://upverter.com/Trebuchetindustries/ac9f5044f0ac6c8b/TTL-232R-XX-AJ-adaptor/). Exports from Upverter are available in a subdirectory.

## Licence

Copyright © 2016, 2017, 2018 Phil Baldwin

This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International License.

You should have received a copy of the license along with this work. If not, see <http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/>.
